If she doesn’t want to see me
Then I’ll come back tomorrow
Mr. Duan already promised the media
that within three days
he would publicly release the divorce agreement
Today is the final day
You people set me up?
I’m just reminding you
You can only choose one:
your future or your money
He signed it
You can reclaim all the assets
Nine years of love
Who’d have thought the only thing that could control him
was a house and 8 million yuan
Such a shallow man
No need for regrets, Ms. Ye
You can require him
to move out of that house within a week
No need,
let them stay there
What are you planning?
To walk away with dignity
That’s too easy on him
A cuckoo occupying the nest
Of course he won’t get away clean
Homewrecker, cheater
She’s the mistress
What are you staring at?
Even if
Duan Xiao Jian is divorced
Some people
still shamelessly act as the other woman
Being cheap is in your bones
What did you say? Say it again!
Get lost!
You used to be so arrogant—fine
Now you’re sulking for whom?
We’re colleagues
Wishing you a quick promotion
Let’s go
Shen Yu